Gwenevere Abriel: Sarah Nia
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good afternoon.
Saraniah Aston: Good afternoon.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so I'm gonna open up a note, while you are there sort of maybe thinking about what you want to share what you want to do, maybe read something, show me something, say something. Tell me something, asked me some
Saraniah Aston: I had a full
Saraniah Aston: Year when for you.
Saraniah Aston: And I can't find it.
Saraniah Aston: I don't know where I've been searching everywhere.
Saraniah Aston: Fun little frustrating.
Saraniah Aston: But, uh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well there might be a remembering of it. If you can start with the felt sense. Like, what was the message you wanted me to come away with with this dear when letter.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, it's kind of
Saraniah Aston: It's a hard. This one really
Saraniah Aston: Let me close the door.
Saraniah Aston: I'll try my best.
Saraniah Aston: I have a serious issue with my mother. Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: She has a serious
Problem.
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: You know she is a pain patient. She has back pain. She's had backing.
Saraniah Aston: She's had different kinds of pain for since I was about
Saraniah Aston: 1716
Saraniah Aston: And I wouldn't know what opiates were if it weren't for my mother, giving them to me when I was 16
Saraniah Aston: And now.
Saraniah Aston: I'm trying to recover and I'm trying really hard and
Saraniah Aston: You know she
Saraniah Aston: Just runs out of her medication and
Saraniah Aston: Gets
Saraniah Aston: Set sick and goes to the hospital and for the first time, the other day, she told me what I knew to be true, which I've known for a long time, which is that
Saraniah Aston: She said, my life has been so stressful that i just i right now. I just can't help it, but to take extra so I ran out. So she takes mine.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm so sorry.
Saraniah Aston: And she she's always every time she does that,
Saraniah Aston: It. She's always been able to give it back to me like in time so that I won't ever go you know without my medication.
Saraniah Aston: Except this last week.
Saraniah Aston: I basically had to pay for it for her.
Saraniah Aston: Problem and
Saraniah Aston: You know, it doesn't matter. It wasn't a full day's worth that I was missing. It was, you know,
Saraniah Aston: It was, I had a quarter of what I needed for the day and
Saraniah Aston: It just made me really upset and angry and
Saraniah Aston: Even when she knew that I was out, she asked me again. She's like, you don't have just one like no
Saraniah Aston: No, I don't have anything, leave me alone.
And
Saraniah Aston: Then after she went to the hospital. My Brother To Brother, the hospital and I kept telling you, once you go to school and she's like, because I've already gone and they don't want. They don't want me to come back anymore.
Saraniah Aston: She went back and they gave her something. I don't know what it is, don't care, but I could tell because she was sitting at her desk.
Saraniah Aston: With a smile, and she grabbed by the hand she never touches me ever, and she loved me. I couldn't even look right in the eyes, but she's saying, yeah, I just want you to know how grateful I am for your help and
Saraniah Aston: You're a good person.
Saraniah Aston: And I love you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Saraniah Aston: Just makes me
Saraniah Aston: makes me sick.
Saraniah Aston: So,
Saraniah Aston: I know will be moving soon I don't quite have a place set in stone yet, but I know I'm going to be moving soon. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we knew this was going to be temporary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay but to have all of those realities.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's just can't dance around it can't hide it. It's just right there and that that just a moment ago, it just
Gwenevere Abriel: It just makes me sick.
Saraniah Aston: Your own family members.
Saraniah Aston: With you, the one who should be some agree.
Saraniah Aston: It's wrong.
Saraniah Aston: She says things like, well, you know, I'm afraid I'm gonna lose my job or
Saraniah Aston: Stuff like that. And you know i i feel guilty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope, that's not yours. So let's let's stop that one right there right before you said that I was going to say none of that is yours. That's hers.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's, what's upsetting. Right. What was bringing the tears, is how wrong. This is a parent's job is to protect you. Everything sideways.
Saraniah Aston: I mean, Mom. These for me to be in this program.
Saraniah Aston: She wants me to
Saraniah Aston: Take it better. That was the goal. And I know she still wants that.
Saraniah Aston: But she's kind of
Saraniah Aston: wrecking me a little bit on the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not only is she asking of you to divert medicine right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which messes with the prescribed dose.
Gwenevere Abriel: putting you in danger, and it doesn't match what recovery says, So what recovery says is
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're chemically dependent dependent on something, then we address the chemical dependence. If you're having behavioral health emotional health to address those issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mom isn't acknowledging that she has a chemical dependence, right, she's saying I have pain. I'm guessing.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And I use and I took more here and there, because I'm so stressed. So it's she's treating her own anxiety and then on top of that she's not doing the behavioral health part
Saraniah Aston: Not at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not at
Saraniah Aston: All
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you notice that it none of it matches so you're hearing all these things in group and you hear it for me guessing you're feeling congruency I'm guessing we
Gwenevere Abriel: Can grow on see means
Gwenevere Abriel: It matches.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like there's I'm hoping little hypocrisy in our dynamic little hypocrisy, where I say and do something that's the exact opposite of what I just said and did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hopefully, what you see in here is a real sense of I pretty much know what one's gonna say, now she's going to do this thing. It'll be you know Authenticity. Authenticity, you know, it'll come from there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you have this other relationship with opiates. It is not the same at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't match their incongruent.
Gwenevere Abriel: So congruency is like parallel lines. They like parallel that this goes like this in congruent, they bump it bump into each other like that.
Saraniah Aston: I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's a really uncomfortable conflicted feeling
And
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering if that's what is making that I just feel sick around this whole thing just wondering if that's what it is, is this
Saraniah Aston: Boy Yeah.
Okay.
Saraniah Aston: I mean, I haven't brought it up to you because I'm scared. You know, I don't want my mom.
Saraniah Aston: To get in trouble or anything like that, you know,
Saraniah Aston: So I just keep it. I've been keeping it to myself adult this last
Saraniah Aston: Time. I'm like, the day before yesterday when I actually had to go without and that was just pushing it too far.
Saraniah Aston: And I gotta take care of myself so
Saraniah Aston: I have to say something to somebody
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad I'm glad you did. And as far as I'm concerned, you're not in any trouble.
Gwenevere Abriel: You. You did what your family system demands of you, you've been doing this for a long time just happens to be with you know the the subs. But this this offset or thing where you're taking care of your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you know it should be this other way has been going on for a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Saraniah Aston: She does take care of
Saraniah Aston: Financially right now. That's the thing. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Which makes it even harder to have a healthy detachment, certainly. So the fact that you're you're you're in this struggle is is a testament to how badly you want to grow because
Gwenevere Abriel: It's pushing on that conflict, I either align with my mother and I'm supposed to be grateful to her, she's paying for this this program do I align with her, do I align with her, or do I listen to
Gwenevere Abriel: my authentic self. Which is, I want to be healthy. I want everything to sort of want to grow and say I want to hear things that are towards my growth. I don't want mixed messages I want to impress all my emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to get my daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't always lay out so clean life that
Gwenevere Abriel: You can
Gwenevere Abriel: Be grateful to your mother and angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: But our mind would prefer you have one right in our social structure says the one you want to them. How can you be angry at the very woman who's being financially so generous how
Gwenevere Abriel: Far as I'm concerned.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're welcome to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for your generosity.
Gwenevere Abriel: And part of what you're paying for mom is that I not divert my medicine. It's considered in the program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Illegal
Gwenevere Abriel: And against my treatment plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's my ability
Gwenevere Abriel: To protect my recovery and I don't want to have the irritability. I don't want to have the withdrawal symptoms so that I give up on this program and start to consider.
Gwenevere Abriel: Heroin or pills again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got to take it the way it's prescribed now that isn't that where the rubber meets the road. Isn't this the hard part right there. How
Gwenevere Abriel: How to say no to protect yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're being grateful to your mother for her generosity, how to navigate that. And on top of that, the How dare you make me decide this like
Gwenevere Abriel: There's so much going on.
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm.
Saraniah Aston: But in the meanwhile under all this chaos.
Saraniah Aston: I am working my butt off.
Saraniah Aston: I built my bad, my own backdrop for my photography. So I can take new pictures of all my inventory that I have
Saraniah Aston: And I'm reopening my shop I have it set for the 30th.
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: It's my backdrop looks really good. I have my mannequin. I have my stuff. And I know what to do.
Saraniah Aston: I'm going to work. And I'm going to work very hard and I know I can because I really enjoy it.
Saraniah Aston: And this is my second around. This is my second time trying like restarting
Saraniah Aston: Because I've
Saraniah Aston: Before I did a certain way to one way it worked. But it didn't work well enough. And now I've learned a lot of stuff and I'm just going to go back in selling
Saraniah Aston: with a vengeance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: It's gonna be good.
Saraniah Aston: It's gonna be really good.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did both even with the chaos, even with and I heard you in group to right there's more going on. There's these these things going on with your father, too. And I know there's still, you know, life continues to send you these messages to pull your attention away from your goals and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad you're bragging I be private to that's a big deal to not fall apart and to hold on to. I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do this background and you did it. And there's a mannequin, and you've got a date to even got a date, like when you're going to open the store. And that's it. Now, did you also did you put it out there like this is what I'm opening
Saraniah Aston: Did you send it
Gwenevere Abriel: Snap that that's going to help you stick with it.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, that's exactly what my goal was to give myself that time put everything together to steam all of the dresses and everything and have it basically just I want everything to look nice and clean. Instead of all kind of kooky and chaotic.
Saraniah Aston: And that's what works, apparently. So I'm going to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it, I love it.
Saraniah Aston: So that's kind of a part of my salvation and the ability to take that with me when I move it to my place.
Saraniah Aston: And I'm just going to run with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. So the background is mobile enough it's transportable that it's not going to like
Saraniah Aston: When yeah it's, um, it's actually just a Rolling Rock. I bought a cheap Rolling Rock and I tied
Saraniah Aston: A
Saraniah Aston: Of thick white shower curtain onto it.
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: It looks really pretty.
Saraniah Aston: Good. Well, and
Saraniah Aston: Also, if not we'll
Saraniah Aston: Take it apart so
I love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to hear about maybe some bragging.
Around
Gwenevere Abriel: remembering your body
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing a scan breathing into it being patient compassionate and present with your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about it.
Saraniah Aston: You mean outside of here.
Uh huh.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I
Saraniah Aston: I have done some, like, kind of like tried by skin.
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: Basically
Saraniah Aston: I knew what was going to happen. This morning I knew that my mother was going to be in need, and I knew that she wasn't going to do anything. She's gonna stay in bed.
Saraniah Aston: And probably, probably hear her moaning or whatever, until I say, Mom, do you need this, this, this and this. And then finally,
Saraniah Aston: When I told her you take a shower. She said, Hey Mia. You think you can help you. I'll pay you back. I swear I will write it down on a piece of paper. So okay, so I went in to the house this morning, knowing what the situation would be so I sat on the couch and I I took some breath.
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: I just kind of sat there and with my eyes closed and just I breathe.
Saraniah Aston: And I call I was home.
Saraniah Aston: Where I felt aware
Saraniah Aston: I was aware of my might be my being upset and my anger and I was also aware of my my mother's
Saraniah Aston: Problem and what would come and
Saraniah Aston: So,
Saraniah Aston: I caught all I can say was that I became calm and very aware and I got medicine and I put it on her desk and I wrote a letter.
Saraniah Aston: That this very last time this will ever happen.
Saraniah Aston: And I was very sure of myself about it and it's because I sat down and I took those breath. And I thought, and I just, it was like a brainstorm what started to happen a calm one and one that I see every little particle of information.
Saraniah Aston: Uh huh, was in this column.
Saraniah Aston: State, um, I didn't feel any kind of add or OCD or panic or anything. Yeah, and
Saraniah Aston: And then after I did everything I left my shower shower.
Saraniah Aston: I just, you know, I, I realized that I was in control.
Saraniah Aston: And that's about it, I realized, Hey, this is interesting. I can continue to do this and explore this little bit more. Is this helpful.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what one part of what I heard in that that experience is, notice how you were saying, I could, I noticed the thoughts every little particle
Gwenevere Abriel: As if there were more thoughts that contributed to the solution. Is that right, like you could think it through.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's because you were using
Gwenevere Abriel: This part of your brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're normally just emotional, it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: This is going to be catastrophic. This is awful. How could this be happening. I don't deserve this. Who, what kind of how could any mother treat me like that. Right. All it does is reinforce
Gwenevere Abriel: The problem thought the one that originated the sponsoring negative belief about the self. What you did when you calmed
Gwenevere Abriel: The body and you did the breathing was you access the prefrontal cortex. That's the smart brain that's the smart part that goes, I'm going to think this through. What are the possible five 310 consequences if I go this path.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ooh, not ready for that one. I'm going to try on 10 1010. You know what I'm going to go this path.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, and I felt more grounded to like I was able to make
Saraniah Aston: These conscious kind of decisions in my head, and I felt more grounded just safer for some reason.
Saraniah Aston: I guess because I was thinking, sort of, logically,
Saraniah Aston: So that was a good thing and I will continue to do that because I didn't do like a full body scan. I just did that.
Saraniah Aston: But I'm interested in all kinds of things like meditation and
Saraniah Aston: body awareness and all this kind of stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are going to, I think, really fall in love with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just described, its fundamental purpose is to get you back into the body when remember that feeling the one where you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, everything's falling apart. There's no ground.
Saraniah Aston: Out of Control can't
Saraniah Aston: Think straight because of it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was just as elegant as those breaths.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's so much more going on when you're doing it, the more that you do these additional
Gwenevere Abriel: Somatic skills, the more you learn about them. We can do one right now with a real quick one. You can add this one to it to the repertoire. You have body scan, you can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can
Gwenevere Abriel: Write. What am I hearing
Gwenevere Abriel: What am I seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: What am I smelling. What am I tasting, you already know grounding. The five senses that one a lot of people forget, but it's a really good one to
Gwenevere Abriel: Completely focuses on that gets your mind off the worst. How could my mother be putting me in this position gets you out of that for a second. Because remember, you only need a fraction of a second to get this online.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not asking for much, but a miracle happens in that amount of time, we'll take it. So, all these silly little, these little hacks that I'm bringing
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I only need a little bit of time. I only need enough for the rest of your brain to be working. And then I know you'll come up with an actual solution because you know better than anybody what to do. I don't know, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So this one. Let's do this one together. This is another one.
Saraniah Aston: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have a fancy name for it, and I welcome. If you can think of a better one. But unfortunately, it's kind of just
Gwenevere Abriel: Safety peripheral right and left.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'd like you to do is when you're ready and settle down.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to do this activity together and all. It asks, is that you look at something. One thing right in front of you. So for me, I'm looking at an apple right because I'm sitting there staring at a computer. And so I'm looking at this apple
Gwenevere Abriel: And the work is this, so pick an object and just sort of stare at it. Got it.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now do not look away your direct gaze will stay right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: First
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of pay attention to the body. Let's do both. Let's be aware if there is any charge left. Pay attention to stomach chest size hands just do a scan and see if there's any elevated energy
Gwenevere Abriel: Vibration.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything tight just just scan it and see if it's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what I want you to do. Don't look away from that object is I want you to describe don't look away though this is peripheral so what I'm watching you, as described to your right, the different changes in color.
Gwenevere Abriel: might even be able to name some objects, but do it only because you can kind of get a sense of what they are from your periphery. There's a slight blending of memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, I don't know that I would know that bookcase was a bookcase, but I happen to know it's gold so gold bookcase white sweater contrast did to kind of know from memory. It's a maroon rap.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's white floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: gray walls. I can't really tell if there's my water bottle and if I really need to, you know, I do have my hand here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can see my hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see my hand moving
Gwenevere Abriel: Along the lines. The contrast. I can see that the wind is blowing outside because I see the shadows changing
Gwenevere Abriel: I see him.
Saraniah Aston: And this comes from focusing on this album on this object.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm describing what's to my right to my peripheral vision. But I'm not looking at it. I'm working very hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: To describe this is very specific. And I'll explain later. See if you can do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Described was to write without looking at it.
Saraniah Aston: Was to my right is my door to go outside my end table with my lamp on it and
Saraniah Aston: I'm okay. I'm gonna be
Saraniah Aston: There's a
Saraniah Aston: Little antique case that I put my medicine every night for the next day, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What about big contrast in color and they're like, really tell.
What
Saraniah Aston: I'm seeing metals medals. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might be it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's just peripheral vision, you know, see if you can just staying at that object. Looking at the that single object then describe
Gwenevere Abriel: With peripheral vision. What is to your left.
Saraniah Aston: My man did
Saraniah Aston: You my backdrop
White
Saraniah Aston: White
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But even then, you can make out the difference between the mannequin in the white where there's just enough color gradation difference that you can you can tell it, it's still there.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah and there's a pink. Pink rug.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything else, any other light source wall. Anything else where you can see contrast, maybe even color.
Saraniah Aston: Well, there's windows. I have a window.
Saraniah Aston: And for them.
Saraniah Aston: Which has a blue trim really pretty bright blue trim the like.
Saraniah Aston: There's a mirror.
Saraniah Aston: There's a lot of purple because purple is my favorite color. So I have purple accents everywhere.
Saraniah Aston: There's my art supplies as well. And my magazine magazines that I use. I cut out of
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you can you make out any of the colors in those colored pencils. Can you tell it all or markers. Can you tell, can you distinguish without looking at him.
Saraniah Aston: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now scan body. Pay attention to you and see how the body is doing is it squeezing, is it flexing, is it at ease.
Saraniah Aston: It's completely relaxed. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did that happen. What is it,
Saraniah Aston: Well, I don't know. I was looking at my object which is a
Saraniah Aston: Like five
Saraniah Aston: Tablets of melatonin.
Saraniah Aston: They're pink.
Uh huh.
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: And they're seeing in a, like a glass.
Saraniah Aston: Kind of plastic see through jar so I can see through it and
Saraniah Aston: I don't know. That was really hard, but it was really interesting to
Gwenevere Abriel: See, so this is what I believe is what made it possible for your body to relax. I believe that I'm pretty sure this is me just having learned it this way is that, you know, when you're
Gwenevere Abriel: In a fight or flight response. You actually get tunnel vision. It's it in our. We do it instinctively. In other words, if there is a danger, our eyes will only fixate here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's where it's going to save our life.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what this activity made you do it made you turn your peripheral vision. It made you focus out this way, which sends a message to the body, we must not be in danger.
Saraniah Aston: If being grounded, kind of, kind of like grounding yourself like a
Saraniah Aston: Knowing that this is there that is there.
Saraniah Aston: You are here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I like that piece.
Saraniah Aston: Your presence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I like that it orient you to where you are in the moment.
Saraniah Aston: Right.
Saraniah Aston: That's how I feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's cool. I hadn't thought about that element. Can I include that when I described the activity and other people
Gwenevere Abriel: Please.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it, I love it. Um, so my understanding of the scientific part of it, or the the biology of it is that it sends a contradictory message right to the fret.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thought and it basically the body is pressing to send the message. We're okay the same one is breath, which is contradicting the, oh my goodness this is catastrophic thought to actually there is no danger there is only perceived threat and how can I see danger when I'm able to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: It brings heart rate down
Gwenevere Abriel: A little trick.
Saraniah Aston: So and also I don't see myself like wallowing in my sorrow and just laying in bed and playing with my phone after we're done with our session I see myself doing things with that backdrop
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah well that's really cool.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, that was nice that was relaxing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice little thing and we can do that anywhere. Can't wait. No one will ever know we're doing that. So you
Saraniah Aston: Like a tool to take with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everywhere portable. So just picture that you were on that same couch and you remember to do the breathing. Maybe you also remember to notice the texture of the couch, you paid attention to the the air that's kind of coming across your skin, your hair you notice the scent.
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice what you hear, maybe, maybe you can hear your mom. Maybe you can hear your own heartbeat, your own pulse and starting to get slower. As you regulate
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice that your but it's touching the couch. Oh, it's holding me down. I got gravity here. There it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can feel I can feel I'm a little tense or I can feel some heat and I feel the texture of my clothing and then I opened my eyes and I look at something on a coffee table.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I start to become aware of the things over to my right, I can even add a hand NONE OF COURSE, I CAN SEE THE WHITE this
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this a shirt blouse and let's call it and then I can see my hand can make out a little bit of the color and that's about it. But if I pull them apart. I can actually kind of distinguish that their fingers and other hand
Gwenevere Abriel: I really took a lot of focus to do that. I didn't really concentrate. And so, oh yeah, that's right. I'm gonna go and I'm going to go get one more time. I'm going to go get medicine for my mom. I'm going to write a letter and I'm done with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you can you can think of all about after you do these mindfulness practices, you can get their
Gwenevere Abriel: Practices make it possible for your otherwise hijacked mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: To work efficiently for all the different parts to work Taylor.
Saraniah Aston: Do you use that term a lot hijacked
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Because it does that, the amygdala does
Saraniah Aston: It mean
Gwenevere Abriel: It is completely inconsiderate of the other parts of the brain. It just has no respect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I want to keep you alive. It doesn't have fitness. It just does. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just this
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay alive. Just, just, that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Danger no danger, danger, no danger. So sending that contradictory message. Let's the other parts they just take longer to get there. And those the amygdala will indeed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Block getting access to the other ones. So we've got to be able to regulate first. That's why I keep saying right body first address it first regulate first and then all the fancy thinking can come online.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't give yourself a hard time because you can't think of other cool things to do last. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: District right activated.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got to get huh
Gwenevere Abriel: I get back in my body first. That's number one. Number one, send the message I'm okay, send the message I'm okay. I'm here, I see these things, like you said, I love that I here in this
Gwenevere Abriel: I know because I see these things I'm aware of them and I can be aware also then you added one that's in front of you, the object that you're staring at right that you're focused on
Gwenevere Abriel: What are we doing for time here. We got good amount of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what was
Gwenevere Abriel: What was like so far for you what we're doing.
Saraniah Aston: It's awesome shows me that I have been doing up complete extreme opposite
Saraniah Aston: Of that for my entire life.
Saraniah Aston: I have been
Saraniah Aston: Absolutely. Just in tunnel vision. That's how I survived.
Gwenevere Abriel: which reinforces what that there's danger, right, just keep cycling keeps reinforce and guess what we we don't actually want to tolerate that kind of intense distress for long. All that flood of cortisol is damaging to our organs messes with our memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's a powerful awareness, you've been doing it for a long time.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I really, really have it all of those things on the side.
Saraniah Aston: That I could have been aware of. I have been there's been nothing on the sides just black or red just
Saraniah Aston: Straight forward survival.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sardinia. Can you imagine that your mom walks in the room and you do it looking right let's say here instead of eyes. It's pretty intense to do it in someone's eyes, but instead
Gwenevere Abriel: You say, I'm going to do this, I'm going to practice it on a practice just just doing it on the regular not even waiting for an antagonistic remark.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or where she's pulling some antic but instead of just going to do it on a regular There she is. What do I noticed to my right, only do it you know I do for a little bit. You don't have to, you know, do it for long, which is to practice. See you look
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting used to looking not quite dead in the eye, but just being able to pull away from that intensity so that you can be okay. You can go back then to looking at eye contact. Again, but just to be able to oscillate and move between those two. Make sure that you're working optimally.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's intense, it's a lot to ask that, years and years and years and years of the two people communicate and how they feel around each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do it differently. Your face will be different when you're doing that and because of mirror neurons. She may regulate to
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is a really wild phenomenon. By the way, it explains why
Gwenevere Abriel: People yawn when someone yawns in front of you and I didn't know that. But it's because we have mirror neurons. Have you ever done. Have you ever so it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. But if you weren't looking at them. If you didn't know they were yawning isn't really contagious, or do you have to see them do it. You've got to see him doing
Saraniah Aston: It is right, you have to see it happen. You have to see them do it. Obviously. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, are yawning probably all over the house right now and I'm not yawning.
Saraniah Aston: That really is a weird thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but it's because we have inside
Gwenevere Abriel: Of our head to certain part in our brain mirror neurons which means you'll end up like over time you'll you'll if I was persistent in it. You might turn your head a certain way, you might start to mirror me
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're wired that way because we're tribal
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we want to send this message to the other.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see you
Gwenevere Abriel: You see me. We feel same we okay
Gwenevere Abriel: But yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no reason why you have to wait for her face.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be safe, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Could do it and you might be able to pull it off with some of these practices. These practices of feeling grounded in the self and you might play with this one because you can still be looking at her. Maybe ever knows
Gwenevere Abriel: Somebody that feels safe, it will still look like you're you're looking at her. There's enough distance they can't tell the difference. Really, whether they're looking at the I are in here.
Saraniah Aston: And then right
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be okay. She might mirror. Okay. And then you get to feel even more. Okay, now she gets to feel okay. And guess what, nobody's upset.
Saraniah Aston: She's very much that way and
Saraniah Aston: Like grab she'll grab on to that good that good feeling like the okay Enos
Saraniah Aston: She'll become a part of that.
Is
Saraniah Aston: Because she wants that, you know, so
Saraniah Aston: It's a good way to keep the peace mirror
Saraniah Aston: Ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty cool thing.
Saraniah Aston: You realize I'm getting an education.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, well hey I'm always learning to
Gwenevere Abriel: That I had known that. And then I ran across again. Okay, that's that term mirror neurons. And plus it just seems so impossible. How can that be, but then I think of beyond. And I'm like, what else is going to explain the on. I don't understand it.
Saraniah Aston: Right.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That'd be something that we're already. It's not like a learned behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just there. It's in us.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, no, the tribal thing that makes sense because that's basically what what we were
Gwenevere Abriel: What we still are. That's the same thing as when you hear me saying that we're wired for attachment. That's the same concept.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to be looking to these other human beings for validation
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm okay, you're okay. We're okay. We're the good guys. They're not in our tribe, they're bad. It takes a lot to overcome those sort of fundamental instinctual longings and desires. It takes a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: And I say these kinds of things over and over, because many of you right my clients you give yourself such a hard time. How can I still be drawn to these people that are toxic or negative or why do I keep going back and doing the same things.
Saraniah Aston: Fear of change.
Saraniah Aston: Constantly
Gwenevere Abriel: No, that's it. I think it's because it's familiar
Gwenevere Abriel: I i'm not going to be drawn to something that I'm not already. I'm not already comfortable with.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I grew up in normalized
Saraniah Aston: Right. I mean, when I guess when you're being raised, you're also kind of being programmed a little bit
Saraniah Aston: To whatever. However, your parents want you to be raised.
Saraniah Aston: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a different, that's a different piece. Do you want to explore that further. They want you raised in a particular way that has intention behind it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So pro around, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, are you thinking that maybe there was some intentional disregard of you intentional and validation from either of your character.
Saraniah Aston: Oh, well, my dad is a genius and he wanted that for me. He wanted me to be
Saraniah Aston: A very special child. And I think I was, but I wasn't the kind of special that he wanted that he had been grooming me to be since I was, you know, since I could speak.
Saraniah Aston: I never was that I never became that
Saraniah Aston: I went in a different direction. And what he wanted for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanted for himself you to be something other than what you are
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Which is like a genius.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what does it mean to you that that's part of your history that happened.
Saraniah Aston: Well,
Saraniah Aston: It definitely took a long time for me, I realized that I'm not a genius.
Saraniah Aston: And don't have that in me and that's fine. I don't want to be a genius. I wouldn't want to be a genius. Sounds very difficult. Um, but I did feel very inadequate now.
Saraniah Aston: I don't, I don't feel inadequate for not being a genius. I feel
Saraniah Aston: That what I've been through and gone through and come out the other side alive and wanting to be alive.
Saraniah Aston: Is what
Saraniah Aston: I prefer then being a genius.
Saraniah Aston: Does any of this make sense.
Saraniah Aston: Am I going off the path kill
Gwenevere Abriel: You sound like you are right, where
Gwenevere Abriel: A very predictable way of I asked, kind of, what's it been like for you to have that history and you're like, I didn't want turns out I I'm perfectly fine with not being genius. I like who I am.
Saraniah Aston: I really do. I feel like they need to stay that quietly. You know, I don't know what
Saraniah Aston: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more about it. Don't be quiet about it in here. I want to hear what you like.
Saraniah Aston: Well, I just, I know that I
Saraniah Aston: I make people laugh like belly. Laughs I can make a whole room of people laugh because funny.
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: I know that I i have a
Saraniah Aston: Kind of a commanding
Saraniah Aston: Or about me when I enter a room and
Saraniah Aston: People feel me and are drawn to me a lot.
Saraniah Aston: Sometimes not always the right people, but
Gwenevere Abriel: She likes it, like the notion that there's a draw toward
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Command.
Saraniah Aston: What
Gwenevere Abriel: Commanding or ability to make people laugh and
Saraniah Aston: And see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: To see you
Gwenevere Abriel: So I am seen
Saraniah Aston: But the problem with that is oftentimes, which I can change now is there's a lot of intimidation.
Saraniah Aston: Around
Saraniah Aston: Me like people seem to be intimidated at first.
Saraniah Aston: However, drawn to me but intimidated. So it's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: So can I check that out just a little bit. Can I see how you measure whether one is intimidated and one person's not like how, how are you measuring whether let's say it will take me because I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have there been signs that
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm intimidated by you.
Saraniah Aston: Have there been cited. No, no, not at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it look like on a person when they are intimidated. What's it look like
Saraniah Aston: Well, sometimes when I first meet people, or they not meet them yet, or they see me, they know about me maybe or someone saying hey that's that girl Mia, blah, blah, blah. I can sometimes see them.
Saraniah Aston: Women often going and kind of curious yet really bitchy
Saraniah Aston: Threatened kind of mode.
Saraniah Aston: And that they get over once they give me a chance to speak.
Saraniah Aston: Men.
Saraniah Aston: Are different men.
Saraniah Aston: Will often try to speak to me. And then they will get angry with me for having a voice and for giving my opinion and for saying no, I'm not interested in that, or
Saraniah Aston: Or saying that something is idiotic in my point of view, they become threatened and by that.
Saraniah Aston: Men, especially and oftentimes they come kind of means
Saraniah Aston: Um,
Saraniah Aston: But the good ones just kind of latch on and they're just like, well, they kind of just jump on my ride.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the rumor what it
Saraniah Aston: Is crazy nights.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, she's an attention seeker I'm mostly that I'm that I'm crazy. And then I'm damaged. I asked my friend list in my only I have two friends here.
Saraniah Aston: And one of them is Justin and I asked him about a month ago, I was really curious. I said, if you were if someone were to ask you what I'm all about. How would you describe me to them and he fumbled over his words. And he looked embarrassed and and and
Saraniah Aston: Ashamed almost and then I already thinking, okay, so he's already spoken about me. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: And then I'm like, I started giving him answer. So do you tell them that I'm nice or that I'm pretty or I'm artistic or that i'm i'm kind, caring loving interesting funny all this stuff and he he didn't answer to any of those. And then I said, How about damage.
Saraniah Aston: Which you described me as being a damaged person people and he looked a little shameful, but he didn't answer. He just nodded his head really quickly and it responds, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you do after he nodded once you do
Saraniah Aston: I accepted it.
Saraniah Aston: I understood
Saraniah Aston: And I, I basically said, damn. That sucks.
Saraniah Aston: But I know that stuff.
Saraniah Aston: And screw it.
Saraniah Aston: Screw it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why did you use that word damage. Why don't you throw that one out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not
Saraniah Aston: Because I know that that's how I am seeing
Saraniah Aston: You know when I let people in and I tell a little bit about myself and I open up and I show myself a little bit more
Saraniah Aston: People see the pain because I open about it and
Saraniah Aston: They see me. I'm very passionate when I speak, and I'm very, I can be intense and I think
Saraniah Aston: They're just like, whoa, she's been through a lot and she's cool. She's very cool, but she's very dentist.
Saraniah Aston: That's how I imagined people describing me
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I wondered why we said that were damaged.
Saraniah Aston: Because I'm damage.
Saraniah Aston: But to everyone else, and
Saraniah Aston: I'm damn I'm just like a damaged goods like I'm
Saraniah Aston: I mean I have PTSD. People don't understand that that means I'm crazy just sent to a lot of people
Saraniah Aston: I think I need to just figure out a different way to approach people
Saraniah Aston: And I think
Saraniah Aston: One of the ways is by not saying so many things about myself because I don't need to do that anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well we touched on that when that certainly about risking you dip your toe and to see if we are trustworthy. Like, we're going to test us out first, whether we can sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Be careful with your vulnerability like don't trust us right away. Just give us, but that's that's about me. That's about whether I can sit with intensity that has nothing to do with whether you're damaged or not, that just has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to talk about donuts.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't mean like I wanna, I want to have a light and fluffy.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's more about
It doesn't make you
Saraniah Aston: Well, I mean, my past and all these things are built up to the substance abuse problem. The
Saraniah Aston: The
Saraniah Aston: My
Saraniah Aston: Cycle at my breakdown that I had and Israel.
Saraniah Aston: All of these things that are that I've been through make up an image of a damn girl.
Saraniah Aston: But I wanted to change that now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I wanna
Saraniah Aston: I'm aware of that, but I'm putting the damage girl in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're open to it. See if you're comfortable telling me a story.
Gwenevere Abriel: About what proceeded what you just described, was the breakdown. What was going on in Israel.
Saraniah Aston: I had postpartum depression. After I had my child. And it was never
Saraniah Aston: Dealt with or acknowledge any way at all. So I just have to go through it and
Saraniah Aston: My ex husband was neglectful and doing drugs and I had to protect my child. And I started developing psoriasis and all kinds of stuff like that and
Saraniah Aston: And then there was war and bomb rotten apples are rockets falling right outside the window, and I have to take my daughter to the shelter every single time that air raid siren went off and I
Saraniah Aston: Was saying to her.
Saraniah Aston: A happy song about
Saraniah Aston: Rockets and
Saraniah Aston: Trauma and raised. I was raised by a higher ranking official of the IDF
Saraniah Aston: And just all these things and you know when I when I talked about them, like my ex husband just it was basically like that you deserve that kind of thing, shoving it under the rug. It was painful for him to acknowledge and
Saraniah Aston: Just all of these things just made me go to a place I'd never been before.
Saraniah Aston: Which was completely psychotic
Saraniah Aston: I can literally say that I have been temporarily insane.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know
Gwenevere Abriel: That one of the
Gwenevere Abriel: most impactful traumas.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of children.
Gwenevere Abriel: isn't necessarily a molestation a punch in the face. Do you know it's that this caregiver did not say back, I believe you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The in the experience of the event itself like we can wreck and psychologically in spirit. We can reconcile ourselves with the flesh, like this flesh was cut rip torn bruised scraped it bled and but there's something again member that attachment things happening again.
Gwenevere Abriel: To have your reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: invalidated makes us crazy
Saraniah Aston: And that happens so much with my ex husband, wife had a baby and I would tell them, please. Do you see what I'm going through, there's men coming in and out of the house musician in a house all the time. I've got my baby hear a dog walked over my baby.
Saraniah Aston: Like, and he's basically telling me you're crazy you're reacting. What are you talking about, and
Saraniah Aston: That over and over and over and over and over again and I snuck out when I packed all my stuff. My mother was visiting
Saraniah Aston: I at me at midnight. I wouldn't throw room and I list her to her pack all your stuff I raised for a girl that I barely knew to pick us up in the morning before anyone else awake. I took my mom, a little bit of stuff my he loves the mid and we took off.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, and I had a lawyer and he was telling you what to do.
Saraniah Aston: That was crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no, that was saying.
Saraniah Aston: That actually was
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a few. So, for a lot of people, they'll have this few experience or future. I don't know how you want to pronounce it, but I call it a few
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you're going to do. It's exactly what you described, you may not even remember having a consciousness of it. It was your mind and been made up. You didn't question it. And you may even forget important parts of an event and you just did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a fugue state, you can almost be in a trance unconscious state while you're doing something like that and i know i don't think you're crazy. That's the psychological
Gwenevere Abriel: self preservation. It wants to not go insane. It can't stand to have. I have all my senses from my eyes, my ears. My tactile experience is sending this message, but I have this other husband telling me what I'm experiencing is not real.
Saraniah Aston: And his parents. Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: They told me that
Saraniah Aston: That they could get me kicked out of Israel, and they would take my child. And I was like, do you not see that your son is a drug addict. We work with me here. I'm in fear and they would just smile.
Saraniah Aston: So,
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: I don't know if it's all these things that literally made me
Saraniah Aston: Lose it
Saraniah Aston: And end up in the hospital.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like it doesn't it. I mean, can you imagine along the way that if anyone was really listening to you that this sequence of events would have happened the way it did.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I don't think somebody would have said, wait a minute. We've got a move.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not safe. The baby's not safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the sequence doesn't happen. We don't know what would have happened, obviously, but no along the way. We've got to be able to say to ourselves, and you have an invalidating childhood. So now you're right for the perfect storm of invalidation you're used to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it had to get so bad that he loved was in danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you can finally say no, wait i right this is happening. I can feel for another that her safety set in danger, and we took took action.
Saraniah Aston: Yep, and no one would listen to me, and no one would agree with me know see that it's true. And so I had to be a grown up and a mother and do my job. And that's what I did. And I got blamed for it. I got chastised for it. I got
Saraniah Aston: My in laws completely shunned me
Saraniah Aston: And yeah, so
Saraniah Aston: But when I was in the hospital and my ex husband came to visit me. You could second see on his face that it was like he's been through this whole time and suddenly he sees that something is seriously wrong and he feels guilty. I could see that.
Saraniah Aston: And since then, he does have more care.
Saraniah Aston: To him for me.
Saraniah Aston: Around my mental health.
Saraniah Aston: Your we're over time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just saw that, too. And I was like, oh, wow, that was fast.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm looking in here. I wanted to just take a quick peek at what
Gwenevere Abriel: So far,
Gwenevere Abriel: I just take a look at my notes from last time.
Saraniah Aston: I think you should always wear white, by the way.
Saraniah Aston: Good.
Saraniah Aston: Oh, thank you. I never, I never wear white and never have
Saraniah Aston: I don't know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: I've gotten from a real habit. I've got a bunch of pieces I just throw it on and I don't even think
Gwenevere Abriel: About it anymore. Everything goes with white. It's just like black. It's just easy. It matches everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Except Brown, I suppose.
Gwenevere Abriel: But thank you
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Because right now, we have
Gwenevere Abriel: We have one more piece. Sorry, you're my last client for to face.
I did.
Saraniah Aston: I saw you gone. I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I didn't do the full jaan I interrupted by myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think what I'd like to do, if we can, it's, it's, it's hard to, you know, I just sort of meet with you and then I don't look in here, but I would like to continue to develop the anchor room really create reports this safe space for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would like, if you're up to it. I'd like to do not am Dr around some of those stories.
Saraniah Aston: Let's Cmdr.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's I movement Desensitization and Reprocessing you pick one of those, let's say, and
Gwenevere Abriel: We can work with. This is how it would sound. It would sound like this. Well, if there's many, many phases to it, but one part of it. The part that you guys are usually interested in is the bilateral stimulation
Gwenevere Abriel: It will be having your eyes moving left and right, and I'll be asking you to hold. You don't have to tell me what it is that you hold this WORST MEMORY
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst image that's the desensitization part you've rolled out in your awareness. I identify with you what the negative cognition is we might be weaving in positive
Gwenevere Abriel: The Member of the protective figure the nurturing figure and the wise figure we would be kind of leading those in May. Just see again, you got you got
Gwenevere Abriel: The iron the protective figures, an Iron Dome detects rockets in the air. This big
Saraniah Aston: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing figure a saint holding a
Gwenevere Abriel: Child
Gwenevere Abriel: The child.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah. No. Am I this Angel. Angel.
Saraniah Aston: I don't know.
Saraniah Aston: Perhaps
Gwenevere Abriel: You may well we can revisit it we would refine it before we started installing with that and Frida Kahlo for the wise figure. She's the artist. So obviously, you told me that
Gwenevere Abriel: So the idea would be to address the PTSD more directly
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what we, you and I have been doing is we've been doing work around a disc emotional dysregulation, we've been addressing really calling it out naming it
Gwenevere Abriel: The family dynamics, we've been seeing the connection, I think, between family dynamics and the men that you've been kind of letting past that that you kind of intuitively know that there might be a problem. Maybe, but I'll just look past that are
Gwenevere Abriel: But you only hit some of those things we've been kind of learning new skills, about how to regulate
Gwenevere Abriel: And so this thing I'm introducing right now would be
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty direct work on addressing the PTSD symptoms really kind of looking at those trauma pieces and and having a different relationship with those memories so that it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Causing dysregulation
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I can handle that.
Saraniah Aston: I can totally handle that.
Saraniah Aston: They won't like trigger anything or they won't, but it doesn't really work that way.
Saraniah Aston: It's
Saraniah Aston: Really coming from me, it's, it's fine, it's safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well that's reassuring. It's pretty typical though for people to have an increase in distress though from this because it, what it does is it opens up otherwise I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of forgotten fragments of it because we were only thinking about a little bit in our workspace like on our desk, really, really thinking about right this amount
Gwenevere Abriel: Of business.
Saraniah Aston: You might not understand it would be difficult. I get it.
Saraniah Aston: I know
Saraniah Aston: It will be opening up things right.
Saraniah Aston: I'm ready. I've been ready for a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but I, I want to give you the warnings, though, that there might be an increase in nightmares. There might be irritability, there might be this stuff, but that's the short term, the long term is there's reprocessing of that information. It's not just tonic. It means
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, it's set in the past. I'm not reliving it I'm not reliving it's in the past. So that can be an exciting experience that the emotional connection to it is starting to know a little bit down dimming dimming that trauma experience damned down. Oh.
Saraniah Aston: By opening it up and to look at it.
Saraniah Aston: Well, seeing what it is for real.
Gwenevere Abriel: It kind of like that accepted really unique feature about this. If I do it with fidelity. You don't actually have to tell me the trauma.
Gwenevere Abriel: You only have to be thinking about it, even for this technique to work. You just have to, and I
Gwenevere Abriel: I just say, Okay, bring it up, it might be this particular story of this story or this story, this story, and we'll give it a name will say, we'll call that one Israel, you know, shells are exploding or give it a name and then you pull it out and think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't actually it. You don't have to retell the story if you don't want to. That's what's kind of unique about this. So it doesn't have this intense reach romanization that the typical exposure therapy does
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's pick it up a time to meet
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next week we already
Gwenevere Abriel: We already have something we already have nine o'clock on Friday.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, Friday.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Following week
Saraniah Aston: And then that's a group right
Gwenevere Abriel: No, that's individual you're getting. Remember, we wanted to
Saraniah Aston: Do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's you're getting a solid week of of one of Uranus.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I asked my mom. And she's like,
Saraniah Aston: She came. She's like, I want you to do that extra day that you were talking about. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we can even get in, we'll kind of if we have time, we'll finish the anchor room and then maybe if there's time we can. I can start to do some of that introduce you to what that might feel like doing the preparation work for you and Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but let's look at a head just in case, because I'm getting booked up quickly. I want to make sure that there were, we've got some time. The following week
Gwenevere Abriel: What about may 20
Gwenevere Abriel: At 110 which is it's a Wednesday, do you typically have some specific going on right then.
Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: 110 on May 20 now. So the next services. We have our Friday at 9am you want to get there. That's a bit early for you it will take some alarm settings if you get in there at 845 then I'll know okay she's definitely here. She's, she's ready to go and group Monday and Wednesday the 20th
Gwenevere Abriel: Is our individual therapy at wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm excited. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to move this right along.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I guess so.
Saraniah Aston: Kind of intensive. Isn't it a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it is right. But remember, you've question. Should I be in intensive
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that yourself. And let's play with it. All you have to do is say this was just too much. I want to pull back and then we pull back. It's whatever is working. Okay, that's
Saraniah Aston: Okay, I'm all for it.
Saraniah Aston: Thank you.
Saraniah Aston: Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye.